when these things were done the leaders
when these things were done the leaders came to me the people of Israel and the
came to me the people of Israel and the
came to me the people of Israel and the priests and the Levites have not
priests and the Levites have not
priests and the Levites have not separated themselves from the peoples of
separated themselves from the peoples of
separated themselves from the peoples of the lands with respect to the
the lands with respect to the
the lands with respect to the abominations of the Canaanites the
abominations of the Canaanites the
abominations of the Canaanites the Hittites the parasites the Jebusites the
Hittites the parasites the Jebusites the
Hittites the parasites the Jebusites the ammonites the Moabites the Egyptians and
ammonites the Moabites the Egyptians and
ammonites the Moabites the Egyptians and the amorite s-- for they have taken some
the amorite s-- for they have taken some
the amorite s-- for they have taken some of their daughters as wives for
of their daughters as wives for
of their daughters as wives for themselves and their sons so that the
themselves and their sons so that the
themselves and their sons so that the holy seed is mixed with the peoples of
holy seed is mixed with the peoples of
holy seed is mixed with the peoples of those lands
those lands
those lands indeed the hand of the leaders and
indeed the hand of the leaders and
indeed the hand of the leaders and rulers has been foremost in this
rulers has been foremost in this
rulers has been foremost in this trespass so when I heard this thing I
trespass so when I heard this thing I
trespass so when I heard this thing I tore my garment on my robe and plucked
tore my garment on my robe and plucked
tore my garment on my robe and plucked out some of the hair of my head and
out some of the hair of my head and
out some of the hair of my head and beard and sat down astonished
beard and sat down astonished
beard and sat down astonished then everyone who trembled at the words
then everyone who trembled at the words
then everyone who trembled at the words of the God of Israel assembled to me
of the God of Israel assembled to me
of the God of Israel assembled to me because of the transgression of those
because of the transgression of those
because of the transgression of those who had been carried away captive and I
who had been carried away captive and I
who had been carried away captive and I sat astonished until the evening
sat astonished until the evening
sat astonished until the evening sacrifice at the evening sacrifice I
sacrifice at the evening sacrifice I
sacrifice at the evening sacrifice I arose from my fasting and having torn my
arose from my fasting and having torn my
arose from my fasting and having torn my garment and my robe I fell on my knees
garment and my robe I fell on my knees
garment and my robe I fell on my knees and spread out my hands to the Lord my
and spread out my hands to the Lord my
and spread out my hands to the Lord my God and I said oh my god I am too
God and I said oh my god I am too
God and I said oh my god I am too ashamed and humiliated to lift up my
ashamed and humiliated to lift up my
ashamed and humiliated to lift up my face to you my god
face to you my god
face to you my god for our iniquities have risen higher
for our iniquities have risen higher
for our iniquities have risen higher than our heads and our guilt has grown
than our heads and our guilt has grown
than our heads and our guilt has grown up to the heavens since the days of our
up to the heavens since the days of our
up to the heavens since the days of our fathers to this day we have been very
fathers to this day we have been very
fathers to this day we have been very guilty
guilty
guilty and for our iniquities we our kings and
and for our iniquities we our kings and
and for our iniquities we our kings and our priests have been delivered into the
our priests have been delivered into the
our priests have been delivered into the hand of the kings of the lands to the
hand of the kings of the lands to the
hand of the kings of the lands to the sword to captivity to plunder and to
sword to captivity to plunder and to
sword to captivity to plunder and to humiliation as it is this day and now
humiliation as it is this day and now
humiliation as it is this day and now for a little while
for a little while
for a little while Grace has been shown from the Lord our
Grace has been shown from the Lord our
Grace has been shown from the Lord our God to leave us a remnant to escape and
God to leave us a remnant to escape and
God to leave us a remnant to escape and to give us a peg in his holy place that
to give us a peg in his holy place that
to give us a peg in his holy place that our God may enlighten our eyes and give
our God may enlighten our eyes and give
our God may enlighten our eyes and give us a measure of revival in our bondage
us a measure of revival in our bondage
us a measure of revival in our bondage for we were slaves yet our God did not
for we were slaves yet our God did not
for we were slaves yet our God did not forsake us in our bondage but he
forsake us in our bondage but he
forsake us in our bondage but he extended mercy to us in the sight of the
extended mercy to us in the sight of the
extended mercy to us in the sight of the kings of Persia to revive us to repair
kings of Persia to revive us to repair
kings of Persia to revive us to repair the house of our God to rebuild its
the house of our God to rebuild its
the house of our God to rebuild its ruins and to give us a wall and Judah
ruins and to give us a wall and Judah
ruins and to give us a wall and Judah and Jerusalem and now O God what shall
and Jerusalem and now O God what shall
and Jerusalem and now O God what shall we say after this for we have forsaken
we say after this for we have forsaken
we say after this for we have forsaken your Commandments which you commanded by
your Commandments which you commanded by
your Commandments which you commanded by your servants the prophets saying the
your servants the prophets saying the
your servants the prophets saying the land which you are entering to possess
land which you are entering to possess
land which you are entering to possess is an unclean land with the uncleanness
is an unclean land with the uncleanness
is an unclean land with the uncleanness of the peoples of the lands with their
of the peoples of the lands with their
of the peoples of the lands with their abominations which have filled it from
abominations which have filled it from
abominations which have filled it from one end to another with their impurity
therefore do not give your daughters as
therefore do not give your daughters as wives for their sons nor take their
wives for their sons nor take their
wives for their sons nor take their daughters to your sons and never seek
daughters to your sons and never seek
daughters to your sons and never seek their peace or prosperity that you may
their peace or prosperity that you may
their peace or prosperity that you may be strong and eat the good of the land
be strong and eat the good of the land
be strong and eat the good of the land and leave it as an inheritance to your
and leave it as an inheritance to your
and leave it as an inheritance to your children forever and after all that has
children forever and after all that has
children forever and after all that has come upon us for our evil deeds and for
come upon us for our evil deeds and for
come upon us for our evil deeds and for our great guilt since you are God have
our great guilt since you are God have
our great guilt since you are God have punished us less than our iniquities
punished us less than our iniquities
punished us less than our iniquities deserve and have given us such
deserve and have given us such
deserve and have given us such deliverance as this should we again
deliverance as this should we again
deliverance as this should we again break your Commandments and join in
break your Commandments and join in
break your Commandments and join in marriage with the people committing
marriage with the people committing
marriage with the people committing these abominations would you not be
these abominations would you not be
these abominations would you not be angry with us until you had consumed us
angry with us until you had consumed us
angry with us until you had consumed us so that there would be no remnant or
so that there would be no remnant or
so that there would be no remnant or survivor
survivor
survivor Oh Lord God of Israel you are righteous
Oh Lord God of Israel you are righteous
Oh Lord God of Israel you are righteous for we are left as a remnant as it is
for we are left as a remnant as it is
for we are left as a remnant as it is this day here we are before you in our
this day here we are before you in our
this day here we are before you in our guilt though no one can stand before you
guilt though no one can stand before you
guilt though no one can stand before you because of this
because of this
because of this [Music]